(Transcribed by TurboScribe.ai. Go Unlimited to remove this message.) A side step right, left to my beat
High like the moon, rock with me, baby
Know that I'm floundering here Let me show
you girls talking shit A side step right,
left to my beat Get it, let it
roll Smooth like butter Pour you in like
no other Don't need no usher To remind
me you got it bad Ain't no other
that can sweep you up like a rubber
Straight up, I got ya Making you fall
like that Break it down Ooh, when I
look in the mirror I'm with you, how
did you do?
I got that superstar glow, so Ooh A
side step right, left to my beat High
like the moon, rock with me, baby Know
that I'm floundering here Let me show you
girls talking shit A side step right, left
to my beat Eyes
on my reach, I'm the night sky Got
the right body and the right mind Rollin'
up the party, got the right vibe Smooth
like butter, haters Fresh boy pull up and
we lay low All the bands get movin'
with the bass low Got the army right
behind us when we say so Let's go
A side step right, left to my beat
High like the moon, rock with me, baby
Know that I'm floundering here Let me show
you girls talking shit A side step right,
left to my beat Get it, let it
roll Get
it, let it roll